Update, correct, and expand documentation (#747)
HigherOrderCO/Bend: docs/lazy-definitions.md

In strict-mode, some types of recursive terms will unroll indefinitely.

> This is a simple piece of code that works on many other functional programming languages and hangs on strict-mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple piece of code that works on many other functional programming languages but hangs on Bend due to the strict evaluation of HVM2.
```

Main = (Map λx (+ x 1) (Cons 1 Nil))
```

> The recursive `Map`  creates an infinite reduction sequence because each recursive call expands into another call to Map, never reaching a base case. Which means that functionally, it never gets reduced. 

Reviewer: It does get reduced, it never reaches normal form / finishes reducing.

This code will work as expected, since `cons` and `nil` are lambdas without free variables, they will be automatically floated to new definitions if the [float-combinators](compiler-options.md#float-combinators) option is active, allowing them to be unrolled lazily by hvm.

> To handle recursion properly, recursive calls should be wrapped in top-level combinators. This ensures lazy unrolling of recursive terms, preventing infinite expansion during reduction. While [supercombinators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercombinator) are commonly used for this purpose, other combinator patterns can work as well, as long as they're lifted to the top level.

Reviewer: `recursive calls should be wrapped in top-level combinators`
I don't understand what you meant by this.

The exact way that this works is a bit hard to put in words. The recursive part of the function should be part of a combinator that is not in an active position. That way it can be lifted into a top-level function which is compiled into a lazy reference thus preventing the infinite expansion.
